Iterative Socket:

Introduction
The purpose of this project was to create a single-threaded server that gets connected with a multi-threaded client. This project is used to analyze the server’s response time for different commands that were requested and how does the server perform when requesting a different number of clients. The goals that were needed to complete the project were to create a single-threaded server that will listen to connections on port “1025” and to create a multi-threaded client that will create clients and perform different tasks that were required. This report will include in-depth data that was collected after several different testing combinations. The data will consist of average time per command, and it will also include the time it takes with a different number of clients, some commands are simple that return basic data; such commands have a smaller average time, but some commands are complex and require more time to process, and once the number of clients is changed the average time fluctuates.


Client Server and Setup Configuration
Client and Server were created using Java and executed in the Linux server that was created for the class. The programs were distributed on two separate servers, one for the client and one for the server. The server program needs to be launched before the client server executes, because without doing that an error would pop that will state “Connection refused.” Once the server is launched it listens to connection from port 1025. The multi-threaded client asks the user to create the number of clients and it provides the user with seven different options to choose from. Each client object is created in the client program which then connects to the server and executes the commands. 

Concurrent Socket:

Introduction
The objective of this task was to design a multi-threaded server that will relay commands from a multi-threaded client. This project is operated to examine the server’s response time for assorted commands that are demanded by the client and how does the server perform when it requests different number of clients. The objectives that were needed to complete the project were to create a multi-threaded server that will listen to connections from port “1025” and to create a multi-threaded client that will create clients and perform different tasks that were required. This report will include in-depth data that was collected after several different testing combinations. The data will consist of average time per command, and total turnaround time, and it will also include the time it takes with a different number of clients, some commands are more simpler which return data that does not require a lot of resources; commands  such as that have a reduced average time, but other commands are more intricate and require additional time to execute, and once the number of clients is changed the average time and the total turnaround time increases.


Client Server and Setup Configuration
Client and Server were created using Eclipse which utilized the Java programming language, and it was executed in the UNF SSH Linux server that was created for the networking class. The programs were delivered on two distinct servers, one for the client and one for the server. The multi-threaded server program needs to be commenced before the client server implements, since without launch the server beforehand an error will be guaranteed stating “Connection refused.” Once the server is launched the server listens to connection from the port which happens to be port 1025. The multi-threaded client asks the user to create the number of clients and it provides the user with seven different options to choose from. Each client object is created in the client program which then connects to the server and executes the commands. 
 
